In the daytime, I'm Marinette.
Just a normal girl with a normal life.
But there's something about me
that no one knows yet.
Because I have a secret.
♪ Miraculous! Simply the best! ♪
♪ Up to the test when things go wrong! ♪
♪ Miraculous! The luckiest! ♪
♪ The power of love, always so strong! ♪
♪ Miraculous! ♪
Check out the hilarious new cat memes
featuring Cat Noir. They're purr-fect.
You're so flighty tonight.
What's on your mind?
-The kwami Nooroo's transmission is...
-Hawk Moth's kwami?
Yes. He's celebrating his 3500th cycle
today... all by himself.
We will free him from Hawk Moth
one of these days, I promise!
There may just be a faster solution.
Kwamis are able to communicate with
their kind on their cycle or birthday.
But we won't get
another opportunity for a long time.
A kwami's cycle lasts
several hundreds of human years.
Wow, that's amazing!
Then you could find out where he is.
But... how would you do that?
The kwamis must gather in the Miracle Box
at a specific time.
-When would that be?
-Tonight.
Tonight? Why didn't you tell me
about this sooner, Tikki?
Because Master Fu doesn't want us kwamis
to leave our owners' sides.
We have to be able to take action
immediately if someone becomes akumatized.
Hmm. He's right.
But surely it's no big deal?
I mean, if all the other kwamis
are able to meet up,
then it's still gonna happen, right?
Well, I'm afraid
it might not work if I don't go.
The more kwamis are present,
the better chance of succeeding!
But if Master Fu doesn't approve...
Wayzz, Plagg and I had an idea.
Well, it was mainly Plagg's idea.
Plagg and I would go and gather with
the other kwamis inside the Miracle Box.
Wayzz would stand guard.
And he'd let us know right away
if anyone becomes akumatized.
-What do you think?
-A great idea!
There's no risk that way.
Even if we don't tell Master Fu
the whole truth?
If it means we're able
to defeat Hawk Moth,
-Master Fu can't hold it against you!
-So you're OK with it?
-You'll let me go?
-Yes. I trust you, Tikki.
Oh, thank you, Marinette!
You don't have to worry.
I won't let you down.
Sweet dreams!
[yawns] I am exhausted!
I'm off to bed.
Uh... Good night, Plagg.
[hums]
Good night, sir.
-Where do you think you're going, Nooroo?
-Uh... I just wanted to go out.
-Just for a little while.
-No. You know the rules.
You can't be more than a few feet away
from me, and no communicating with anyone.
-There are no exceptions.
-But, Master, it's my birthday today!
-I thought...
-You obviously haven't grasped the rules.
We're going to have to make them
even simpler.
From now on, you won't be able
to communicate at all.
But, Master...
[muffled voice]
It was a joke, Nooroo. I'm not that cruel.
Thank you, Master.
[gasps]
Change of plans, Nooroo.
I feel an emotion of great intensity.
So pure...
Fly away my little akuma
and evilise him!
-Hey, Sugarcube!
-I've told you not to call me that!
Ever hear me calling you Stinky Sock?
No. But you should!
That would be delightful, Sugarcube!
[groans]
So, what lies did you tell your owner
in order to sneak out?
Actually,
I just told her the honest truth.
Oh? Maybe I should try that some day,
see what it's like.
Plagg! You should have
saved some for the others!
True. But I was so grossed out by your
kindness that it made me really hungry.
[sighs]
I hope we can get in contact with Nooroo.
So do I.
-Are you crying?
-Who? Me? Of course not!
Are you kidding? Come on, let's race!
The last one there won't get any cheese!
[knock on door]
Hey, Wayzz! How's it going?
Shh! You'll wake up Master!
Psst! Come on!
If you manage to contact Nooroo,
wish him a happy 3500 cycles for me!
We sure will, Wayzz!
Hi, everybody! We're here!
-Plagg! Tikki! You came!
-[cheering]
With you here, we'll manage to get
in touch with Nooroo for sure!
Good day to you, noble kwamis
of creation and destruction!
Oh! What did you bring?
What did you bring?
Brothers and sisters
living within the Miracle Box,
on this special day,
-I brought you some delicious cheese.
-Oh, I love cheese!
-That's so nice!
-Unfortunately,
I had to sacrifice it on the way here,
to feed a poor, starving kitten.
-Aw! That's just so cute!
-What about you, Tikki?
From my owner's home, I bring you this!
-Yeah! Oh, what a jewel! What a jewel!
-It's beautiful!
Wait! I think I've got it!
It's a paintbrush!
-Oh!
-Oh, so shiny!
Let the party begin!
-Oh, yeah!
-Woo-hoo! Yeah!
It is a good thing you are here.
Your owners were wise
to give you permission to come.
Yes, Sass... Marin...
-Your owner!
-Ha, ha! You forgot about the magic spell!
We can't say our owners names
to each other, remember?
Yes! My owner is the best Ladybug
I've ever served.
We are also very lucky that the guardian
of the Miracle Box agreed to it, too.
Well, shall we dance, Tikki?
We have to properly celebrate
our friend Nooroo, after all!
Adrien... a house... three kids and a cat.
Nah, forget the cat... a hamster...
Marinette...
[gasps] What... what's going on?
Tikki? Are you back already?
Marinette,
do you want to know my secret?
-Adrien?
-I'm in love with a girl
and her name is Chloé!
Aaah!
What kind of a nightmare is this?
No! Help me!
♪ The Sandboy just checked in!
Now nightmares can begin! ♪
-He must be bringing nightmares to life!
-One day, Chloé and I
will have a house together
and we'll have a hamster named Marinette!
-Shh!
-♪ The Sandboy just checked in! ♪
-♪ Now nightmares can begin! ♪
-Tikki, spots on!
Oh, no! I forgot!
It's... I've gotta find Tikki!
Marinette!
The prettiest and smartest
one of all is Chloé!
♪ The little grain of wheat goes to bed
and wakes up as some lovely bread ♪
Yummy! I've always dreamed
of gobbling up a baker!
Aaah! What kind of nightmare is this?
What's going on?
Plagg! Wake up! Huh?
Plagg! No! Who turned you into a sock?
My friends, the time has come!
Fellow kwamis, tonight, as you know,
we have a special opportunity to create
a connection with Nooroo.
But we must put our voices together
in order to achieve this. Kwamis, sing!
[singing]
[screaming]
Stop, in the name of the law!
♪ The Sandboy just checked in!
Now nightmares can begin! ♪
Marinette, I'm in love with Chloé!
Nathalie! Father! Can anybody hear me?
[singing]
[gasps]
-He won't make it, Sass!
-We are missing a few kwamis.
We need the peafowl. We've not heard
from her in such a long time now!
What if we brought Wayzz in?
We won't be able to contact Nooroo
until his next birthday. Go get him!
-I have to stand guard!
-This could be our only chance
of finding Nooroo... and Hawk Moth!
OK! Let's go!
[singing]
[snoring]
The code... What's the code?
Tikki! Can you hear me? Tikki!
♪ The Sandboy just checked in!
Now nightmares can begin! ♪
Master! Master! Wake up!
Marinette? Wha... What...?
Quick, Master! Don't stay here!
Fu! We are the ghosts
of the Guardians of the Miraculous!
You caused our downfall
and lost two Miraculous!
It was not my fault!
-I did not do it on purpose!
-Yes! It was your fault! Your fault!
-Your fault! Your fault!
-Marinette... transform!
I can't, Master.
Tikki is inside the Miracle Box!
I'm in love with a girl
and her name is Chloé!
It's disastrous! We can't communicate with
the kwamis when they're in their world!
Help me! Father!
Sandboy is turning Paris into one,
huge, nightmare...
and yet there's no sign of Ladybug
or Cat Noir. What is going on?
-Nooroo! Nooroo! Nooroo!
-Aaah!
-What is that?
-That's not Nooroo!
-It's Hawk Moth!
-[gasp]
Keep singing! We must try to find out
where he's hiding!
Aha! It's me who's going to find you,
little kwamis.
And I will make you my slaves,
just like Nooroo!
-[screams]
-His will is so powerful!
We must cut off all communication!
Hawk Moth is trying to track us down!
Argh!
Hey, wait,
the reason we can't speak to Nooroo
is because he's powering Hawk Moth,
which means
he's probably akumatized someone!
And since Plagg and Tikki
are with us...
Ladybug and Cat Noir
are unable to transform!
Go and find your owners right away!
They're making a serious mistake!
I just felt the kwamis
somewhere on the right bank of the Seine.
-Find them! Capture them!
-Yes, Hawk Moth!
-It's your fault, Fu! Your fault!
-Marinette, for your birthday,
-I'm going to buy you flowers...
-Hey! Isn't that your owner?
Of course not! Flowers? Pwah! No way!
The real one talks nonsense,
but it's never this bad!
Hortensias, roses and Chloés!
I'd better go find him. I just hope he's
not living a nightmare without me around!
-It didn't work!
-I'm sorry! We should have warned you!
-We'll talk about it later, Wayzz!
-Right now, we have to end this nightmare!
Tikki, spots on!
Yeah!
Kwami in sight!
That's Cat Noir's kwami! Capture it
or follow it all the way to its owner!
The Sandboy just checked in!
Now nightmares can begin!
I know what my nightmare is. And you'll
never get me to eat dairy-free cheese!
-[blows a raspberry]
-Argh!
Ha, ha! I'm your worst nightmare!
Argh! You failed!
Ladybug and Cat Noir will be here soon!
You must get me their Miraculous!
-Adrien! Are you OK?
-Plagg, I'm so relieved you're not a sock!
-But you'd better have a good excuse.
-Glad you've survived your nightmare!
Quick! Plagg, claws out!
Cataclysm!
No time for daydreaming!
[screaming]
What is this mess?
Milady! Tonight's been a total
nightmare... until you showed up!
This is no time for lullabies!
We've got to stay focused!
-[explosion]
-Look!
His cloud is shaped like a pillow!
-I'll bet you that's where his akuma is!
-Awesome! Then time for a pillow fight!
You can't fight
your worst nightmare for long!
He's moving around too much!
And his evil sand is blowing everywhere!
Lucky charm!
Aaah!
-Oh, no!
-Who's about to get a pretty magic jewel?
Ladybug!
What's happening?
Aaah!
Good job, Sandboy!
Without her powers, she can't stop you
from taking her Miraculous!
Ladybug,
your nightmare is my dream come true!
Aaah!
The Sandboy just checked in!
Now nightmares can begin!
-Stay behind me, Milady!
-You still have your powers.
-Losing mine is not what I'm afraid of.
-Then... what?
Cat Noir!
Bad kitty! I'll never love you!
I've always wanted to get rid of you!
-You have weird dreams too!
-My bad!
I am gonna destroy you.
Lucky charm!
Oops! Sorry, Milady!
Stay behind me! I'll protect you!
Stay still, you mangy cat!
Here, kitty, kitty, kitty! Come on!
[battle cry]
We need to figure out a plan! Fast!
Stay still!
Give me your Miraculous, Ladybug!
So, you want to play hide and seek,
kitty? Ha, ha! Come on, kitty!
Watch out, Ladybug!
-I'm about to transform back. Any ideas?
-Looking!
Quick! We've gotta lure her over here!
You don't scare me!
You're just a stupid dream!
You'll be kitty kibble
before you know it!
-Now!
-[battle cry]
-Follow me!
-Anywhere, Milady!
Give me your Mira...
Aaah!
Cat Noir! Now!
Whoa! Whoa!
Aaah!
No!
Miraculous Ladybug!
Marinette!
Pound it!
It works again.
No more evildoing for you, little akuma.
Time to de-evilise!
Gotcha!
Bye-bye, little butterfly.
Well, what was that all about,
little friend?
Oh, Ladybug! I watched a movie on TV.
It was kinda scary.
Then I went to bed
and I had a really bad nightmare!
I woke up and there was
a black butterfly in my room,
and a weird man spoke right in my face!
Hawk Moth! He fed off
the negative emotion from a nightmare!
That's what happens when you let kids
watch anything they want on TV! Oh!
Can I leave you to take
this young man back to his parents?
No problem. Right, big boy?
Yay! Awesome, Ladybug!
Cat Noir?
You don't really think
I'm as evil as your nightmare?
Course I don't!
You're the lady of my dreams.
-Hmm.
-It's all my fault, Master.
-No, it's mine.
-No, Marinette, it's my fault.
Yeah, that's true. It's their faults.
Hmm.
You trusted me and I failed!
I'm sorry I disappointed you.
Oh, of course not, Tikki.
I know you only meant well!
I will always trust you, you know.
Thank you, Marinette.
Next time, come and talk to me.
[groans]
Hmph!
-Thank you, Adrien!
-Plagg! Something wrong?
No. Just... thanks for letting me do
whatever I want... almost all the time!
I know what it's like
to have restricted freedom.
You don't need to pretend to be a sock!
You're the best Cat Noir I've ever had,
Adrien!
But let's not get too cheesy
about it now, huh?
I hope you liked your friends'
birthday gift.
Now I know that they're close
and that there are many of them.
If I manage to find them,
I'll take their Miraculous.
Then I'll have unlimited
powers at my disposal.
If I have to fight a whole army
of superheroes, I'll do it.
Whatever it takes, Nooroo.
And Ladybug and Cat Noir
won't be able to stop me ever again!
[evil laugh]